docs: update webhook related instructions (#769)
devopness/devopness: docs/applications/integrate-application-deployments-to-ci-workflows.md

{% endnote %}

> 1. Take note of the `Deploy Pipeline ID` (`<pipeline_id>`) from the application which you want to watch the action statuses

Author: ```suggestion
1. Take note of the `<pipeline_id>` from the application which you want to watch the action statuses
```

   - Follow the [Deploy Application using an Incoming Hook](/docs/applications/deploy-application-using-incoming-hook) guide for detailed instructions

1. Take note of the `Target URL` (`<target_url>`), `Request Headers` (`<request_headers>`) and `Request Body` (`<request_body>`) fields according to the source provider where the application' source code is hosted, by following the source provider's instructions on the links bellow:
   - [Bitbucket](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/bitbucket/rest/api-group-commit-statuses/#api-repositories-workspace-repo-slug-commit-commit-statuses-build-post)
   - [Github](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/commits/statuses#create-a-commit-status)
   - [Gitlab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/commits.html#set-the-pipeline-status-of-a-commit)

> 1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, submit a request to Devopness API endpoint `POST /pipelines/:id/hooks/outgoing` to create a outgoing for the `action.started` event, replacing `<pipeline_id>`, `<target_url>`, `<request_headers>` and `<request_body>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, submit a request to Devopness API endpoint `POST /pipelines/:id/hooks/outgoing` to create an outgoing webhook for the `action.started` event. In the example below, replace `<pipeline_id>`, `<target_url>`, `<request_headers>` and `<request_body>` with the actual values of each parameter before submitting the request.
```

       "trigger_when": {
         "events": [
           "action.started"
         ]
       }
     }'
   ```
   {% endraw %}

> 1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, submit a request to Devopness API endpoint `POST /pipelines/:id/hooks/outgoing` to create a outgoing for the `action.failed` event, replacing `<pipeline_id>`, `<target_url>`, `<request_headers>` and `<request_body>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, submit a request to Devopness API endpoint `POST /pipelines/:id/hooks/outgoing` to create an outgoing webhook for the `action.failed` event. In the example below, replace `<pipeline_id>`, `<target_url>`, `<request_headers>` and `<request_body>` with the actual values of each parameter before submitting the request.
```

   - NOTE: the field `request_body.context` needs to be the same for all the action status; this way the same commit status will be updated, instead of creating a new entry for every state.

> 1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, submit a request to Devopness API endpoint `POST /pipelines/:id/hooks/outgoing` to create a outgoing for the `action.completed` event, replacing `<pipeline_id>`, `<target_url>`, `<request_headers>` and `<request_body>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, submit a request to Devopness API endpoint `POST /pipelines/:id/hooks/outgoing` to create an outgoing webhook for the `action.completed` event. In the example below, replace `<pipeline_id>`, `<target_url>`, `<request_headers>` and `<request_body>` with the actual values of each parameter before submitting the request.
```

       "trigger_when": {
         "events": [
           "action.completed"
         ]
       }
     }'
   ```
   {% endraw %}

> 1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, run command to list all the application hooks, replacing `<pipeline_id>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, run command to list all the pipeline webhooks, replacing `<pipeline_id>`.
```
